Okay, we've seen the basics of JSON annotations with Spring,
but let's look at a more concrete demo example.
We'll be implementing the bank loan application processing
system that we've seen in previous modules,
but this time,
we'll be using Spring Boot to get going and we'll be using annotations
that apply in both the Spring Boot and Spring web case.
The best way to start a simple Spring project is using the Spring
Initializer application that will let you just generate a Maven,
or for example,
a Gradle Project using Spring Boot and you can add in different
dependencies and things you need in the project as well.
So that's a really useful and quick way to get started.
I've already done that and imported that project into IntelliJ IDE.
Once you've done that,
you'll see that Spring Boot gives you this Application
class that lets you run your application.
So it just delegates to a utility method in the Spring framework.
And that's what it'll generate for you.
It'll also generate your little application.
properties file with some configuration in.
For example, the port on which your application will run.
And they're also, what I've done for this project is add in our POJOs,
which we're going to use for the JSON binding.
Now in order to start with Spring from a web point of view,
we need to write a little controller,
so I'm going to call this a BankApplicationController.
And I'm going to add the @RestController annotation that will tell Spring hey,
bind stuff on to this class.
Map the methods in this class to public web APIs.
So the next step is for me to create a method that will be
invoked when the web application gets called.
So for example,
what I'm going to do here is I'm going to have a method that
returns the Spring ReponseEntity class, so that's a return value for the method.
And the payload is just going to be a string because we're going to
just say approved or denied in our implementation.
That's going to be a loanApplication.
What I'm just going to do is return null initially because
we'll come back to that a bit later.
I also need to add an annotation onto this method called @RequestMapping.
My @RequestMapping annotation needs to tell Spring where to expose this method.
So that's what the value is.
And I'm just going to say bind it to the root URL slash,
and I also need to tell it what method to use.
It will default to GET.
So if you're just using GET methods, you don't need to do anything.
But I'm going to use a POST method here to receive my values.
Then, we need to add some parameters.
So these are the values that we'll receive from the POST request.
So I need to add the body, so this is a @RequestBody annotation.
And I'm just going to put that Java POJO in now.
Spring, because it's really smart will know hey,
just bind that loanApplication to a JSON request that comes in.
And it will do that binding for us automatically.
So in order to implement the business logic,
I need to take that loanApplication, get the Jobs,
stream them, map them ToDouble on the annualIncome,
and then sum them up.
And that's my totalIncome.
You've seen this a number of times before.
Now I also need to take that loanApplication.
getLoanDetails and get the amount to borrow.
So those are my two values.
And the approval denial logic that we've been using so far is if you
know the amount that people want to borrow is less than or equal to
three times the totalIncome return, I want to return approved in this case,
basically.
And, I want to return denied.
Now, you'll see at this point you get some compile errors that say hey,
we want you to give me a ResponseEntity of string,
and you've just given me a string.
So, what I need to do is tell Spring hey, this is okay.
This is good.
This is not so good.
So I'm going to just use the ResponseEntity's
factory method to say ResponseEntity.
ok so that will return me a response, an HTTP response for the status code of OK.
I'm going to do a slightly different one for denied.
I'm going to forbid them, just like the other things.
So, take the status HttpStatus.
FORBIDDEN, parse in the body of the response,
which is the string denied, and there we go.
Lovely jubbly!
What I need to do is go back to my application because
this is the main method of my program.
If I just run that application,
Spring will scan the class path and it will find that annotated class
that I've done and it will expose it on port 8000.
So if I go around to my scripts here,
run the post-bank-loan script with my good old bank_loan.
json document, it is approved.
And if I do the same thing with the bad_loan.
json document, it is denied.
So, we can see that works very, very nicely.
And the key was that Spring did most of the work for us.
We just put a little annotation there saying this is the
RequestBody and Spring did all the JSON binding for us. Lovely and simple.